good evening everyone Laszlo Montgomery
here with our 95th episode the China
history podcast glad you could all make
it we finished off our three-part
youngja series last week and now we're
winding the clock back another three
centuries before the great Admiral in
15th century diplomat extraordinaire
last time we were in early 15th century
China now we're going to explore the
early 12th century the calm before the
storm that is gonna turn the world
upside down and cause a world record of
death and destruction that still might
stand to this day if any of you haven't
heard Dan Carlin's latest hard core
history program I suggest you make sure
that one is downloaded his wrath of the
cons series is a fantastic look is only
the inimitable Dan Carlin knows how to
do on the Mongols and what they did in
the 12th and 13th centuries no one
brings history to life like Dan Carlin
hardcore history and he also has a
political show called common sense you
might want to check that one out if you
like all those political yack shows in
this episode I'm gonna introduce another
person who was right up there in the
pantheon of Chinese leaders heroes and
artists in episode 81 I introduced the
man who went on to become the god of war
this was Guan Yu Guan Yu from the Three
Kingdoms period he along with Leo Bey
and Jeong PHA made the peach garden oath
and became sworn brothers well today's
story is sort of along the lines of Guan
Yu Guan Yu died during the dying days of
the Eastern Han in 219 ad this was the
period when China was transitioning to
the fabled Three Kingdoms period
immortalized for eternity by law Guan
Zhong in his epic romance the three
kingdoms like Guan Yu the subject of
today's topic UFA
was also a military man he lived nine
hundred years after Guan Yu
yeah if they lived during that period
when the Song Dynasty was about to get
chased out of northern China by the
Jurchens once this happens in 1127 the
Song Dynasty gets divided up into north
seong to cover the period that was now
officially over in the southern song to
cover the second half of the dynasty
that went out to live another century
and a half base down in the south below
the eunsuh go back and listen to chp
episodes 28 and 29 if you want to
refresh your memory about what went down
during the northern and southern song
UFA came from a humble background
nothing special and when his father lost
the farm up in yunyoung and phenom to
flooding when he was young
UFA knew the only alternative to living
a life as a tenant farmer was the
military and he ended up excelling in
all manners of warfare and strategy I
didn't mention UFA in the southern Song
Dynasty episode 29 as I said when we did
those imperial dynasty overviews from
the shot to the Ching I said we'd keep
coming back to these days and revisit
some of the particulars of each era so
we're back in the song again one of the
golden ages of China the founder of the
song Chou Quan Yin
he and his progeny had to coexist for
the entirety of their dynasty with none
- friendly neighbors to the north and
west when you talk about the northern
song you have to also mention the other
three elephants in the room the
dynasties of the Western shock or Shi
Jie the liao dynasty of the cheat on
people or Catan as I called them den
Carlin calls them cheatin and the Big
Daddy of them all the roughest and
toughest kid on the block were the
Jurchens
these were the predecessors of the
Manchus who ruled China during the Qing
Dynasty the song rulers were paying them
all off to keep the peace and serenity
and you know keep these guys at a
distance there was no other way these
northern nomadic tribes Minh had been a
perennial pain in the backside to China
proper going back to time immemorial
during the song they were still there
well you might recall from the previous
episodes covering the period of the
western shah and the liao they were both
conquered by the Jurchens who founded
the Jin
- tea then the Jurchens made life
unbearable for the song rulers those
people to the north and the northwest
they were an ever-present threat even
though they had to be paid off with all
the nice things China could offer them
they still made incursions into their
territory the overriding political issue
in Song Dynasty China northern and
southern was the issue of appeasement
versus fighting back this is the main
theme in today's topic and our subject
today
UFA he came to stand for resistance
against the Jurchen invaders and
recovering lost parts of song China
considered second only to Guan Yu
himself and the list of Chinese military
heroes of days gone by ufa with his
resistance to the Jurchens and his
obsession to recover the lands of
northern china he's considered a model
for Chinese Patriots who were inspired
by him all the way up to present times
so great does UFA held in the esteem of
the people that in the 1960s during the
heat of the Cultural Revolution his tomb
in Hangzhou the UFA myung was trashed
and USA's remains were desecrated by the
red guards graffiti later on appeared
that asks simply who did this
UFA is a sacred cow in the pantheon of
inspirational Chinese gods heroes and
legends and today we'll look at who he
was what he did and why so many Chinese
around the world revere him so UFA 11:03
to 1140 to 39 years only on this earth
this is the time of Sigurd the crusader
Sigurd Magnusson the Knights Templar the
Kingdom of Jerusalem where after the
first crusade and before the second just
as it was during the time of jung-hwa in
the ming this period in the Song Dynasty
sees China is still the greatest and
most advanced civilization at the time
the song capital at Chi Fung was the
largest city in the world there was no
place else like it just as there was no
place like China I'm back in its day but
all these good times came to a crashing
and tragic end as we said before in CHP
episode 20
the jinkin incident aka the humiliation
at King Kong yes so horrific and
gut-wrenching is this event in Chinese
history in Chinese it's merely called
the King Kong incident the King Kong
champion best to forget about this whole
event and not called too much attention
to it despite all these attempts to
appease the Jurchens they came like
lightning and smashed Chi Fung to
smithereens and besides carrying off all
the wealth and treasures of the seungyun
sacking the city they nabbed the Emperor
his father the retired Emperor and the
whole dang imperial court Lock Stock and
Two Smoking Barrels and with that the
Jurchens in their imperial captives all
headed north on their Bataan Death March
to the harsh and unforgiving part of
China that the Jurchens call home this
is present daily owning Chilean and
Heilong Jiang the whole song upper-crust
lived out their days in dongbei the
northeast Manchuria never again to
wallow and the pleasures and delights
that sophisticated and lovely kaifeng
had to offer the Jurchens had not quite
done - Chi Fung would skip EO africanus
the younger did to Carthage but let's
just say the place wasn't very livable
after they got through with it and the
fates of these former Royals living his
captives of the cruel jurchens
was tortuous and unpleasant as can be
that was in March of 11:27 but there was
one royal who got away and the hopes of
the Song Dynasty living on were
contained in his person the GAO's own
Emperor
jogo he got away and as the story goes
as he was on his way to surrender
himself to the Jurchens
he passed through the military camp
where UFA was present and he was
besieged by the commander - not your fav
someone else to become the tip of the
spear to lead the Chinese and their
resistance against the Jurchens who had
now founded a new dynasty the Jin Sol
Joko all hopes are pinned on him he
becomes the Emperor
and everything begins to coalesce around
him after a period of being on the run
from the Jurchens who are hot on his
trail they finally set up their capital
in lean on which is where present-day
Hangzhou is they couldn't have picked a
more idyllic spot
UFA he was a professional soldier
there was no centralized standing army
yet the military defense of the southern
song was subcontracted out to strongmen
out in the provinces who were financed
by the state their two main jobs were to
keep the barbarians at bay
and of course if called upon they had to
deal with local disturbances in their
particular territory including the
perennial plague of banditry UFA worked
for one of these military commanders he
had little formal education but he was
literate thanks to his father who taught
him when he was young
later on when the fires are burning
hottest as far as the myth of UFA goes
he'll be made into the sage warrior and
general literati us and a lot of stories
and legends are gonna be attributed to
your phase you know literary genius to
you know build his brand 11:15 the Ching
dynasty is formed after they do away
with Alejo 11:23 UF phase father passes
away and he sits out the battles for the
obligatory three-year mourning period in
11:26 he signs up for another stance
with a local commander 11:27 the Jin
Cong sharp en curtains for the northern
song now starts the southern song with
the inexperienced and notoriously
indecisive 20 year old gal's own Emperor
on the throne the Jurchens are only six
million strong in northern China lording
it over a sea of 45 million Chinese this
wasn't gonna be easy no matter how tough
these guys were if you threw in the
cheap Don from the conquered Liao that
added another 4 million perhaps so while
the Jing forces were very effective at
punching the song out now they had to
hold on to what they had the jean forces
chased Prince Kang the gaozong Emperor's
title at the conclusion of the northern
Song
they chased him all over China through
Hebei Shandong Hunan they knew darn well
what he intended to do so the name of
the game was to nip that one in the bud
once they could stamp Prince Kang JA go
out that would put a major wrench in the
works as far as how to reconstitute the
Song Dynasty and save her lands of
course Chao Chao manages to get away and
began to form a government after
declaring himself emperor on June 12
11:27 he sets up the first capital in
zhang chao and Konan 85 miles south of
kaya
now this guy had the same albatross
around his neck as the Yola emperor you
remember him from the last episodes
there were questions about his
legitimacy and if he really truly
actually for sure was supposed to be the
next in line even considering what
happened with the Jin Cong champion
throughout his reign the GALT song
emperor always had to stress out that
the Jurchens might let one of his
brothers go and then it would throw his
legitimacy into question it never
happened but he sure was worried about
it
the Jurchens turned up the heat and
chased the song resistance out of
shang-chi oh and they regrouped in yang
jo where they stayed till 1129 then they
got chased out of yong-jo and barely
escaped across the Yang's ax to the
vinegar capital of China Jeong Jeong
from there he escapes to lean on which
is the general location of present-day
Hangzhou and that's where he sets up his
base and that's where the southern song
capital is built but he's got problems
he's not the greatest leader and he was
still a kid for all intents and purposes
while he's trying to keep the Jurchens
at a distance he's also fighting for his
political life in the capital at lean on
finally January 26th 11:30 the Jurchens
storm lien on and the emperor is forced
to make a dramatic escape and becomes
the first head of state to take to the
sea aboard a ship he does this and no
less a place than jo Shan located just
east of my second home in Ningbo he
stays away sailing off the China coast
till things simmer down and then he
heads back
towards lien on staying for a few years
in Shaoxing the city of so many famous
historic people I mentioned a couple
episodes ago once it's safe he makes his
way back to lean on or hangzhou he's
wracked with guilt for being the only
one who got away it feels he abandoned
his father and brothers who were now in
captivity scholars have generally agreed
the gout song emperor never knew where
to line up when it came to sino Church
in relations on the one hand he had to
be careful to keep them at bay at all
costs even if this meant giving in often
to their demands but on the other hand
he also could not appear too weak and
let those guys know the southern song
Empire was you know gonna be a easy
pushover and that's where UFA largely
comes in not until he meets an early
death in 1142 which we'll get to sooner
or later does he ever let up against his
relentless campaigns against the Jin
armies he'd make one daring incursion
after another across the Yangtze and
deep into former song territories
recovering lost lands there were other
military commanders during the southern
song who fought valiantly against the
Jin invaders and inflicted their own
damage hunter song was most prominent
among them but it was UFA who most of
all embodied that fierceness to resist a
powerful aggressor who dared to invade
Chinese lands that has resonated
throughout the centuries the story of
the GALT song Emperor waffling between
appeasement and doing battle was lived
out in real life between the struggles
of UFA and the Emperor's chief counselor
Cinque general UFA and his UFA family
are me as it was known the you at chat
June they always stood on the side of
resisting the Jin everyone knew this now
she no way on the other hand he was the
head of the peace faction or peace party
whatever you want to call them who
believed the best and safest route to
self-preservation in these times was to
placate the Jurchen rulers and just give
them what they wanted Qin way he came
into the employ of the gaozong Emperor
under suspicious circumstances he was
there at Jing Kong and was among the
captives taken to Manchuria to Georgian
territory along with the rest of the
imperial court and then later on they
let this guy loose and he heads south to
hook up with the Emperor and convinces
him to take him on as his chief
counselor after all he had spent all
this time with the Jurchens and they had
taken him into their confidence and who
better than Sheen way to guide the young
Emperor through these treacherous waters
dealing with the Djinn he's sort of this
Manchurian Candidate but only for real
there's no proof that I was able to find
that said he had sold the southern song
government down the river to the
Jurchens of the gene but it sure looked
suspicious at every moment of crisis
Cinque would whisper in the Emperor's
air let it be they're not so bad we can
given on these small things you know and
so on and so forth and it was like this
throughout the 11 30s and 11 40s xin
kwai on one side obviously with an air
shot of the emperor whenever he needed
to be telling the emperor don't be the
one to break the peace and then you'd
have UFA carrying out all kinds of acts
of violence against the Jurchens in a
series of daring battles he went as far
north as the ancient joke capital of
liuyan that is deep into enemy territory
but this was the thing
it wasn't enemy territory that was the
heart and soul of China going back to
the beginning
those ancient lands between the hawai
and the yellow rivers they have been
conquered by foreign invaders and so you
can see what I'm getting at a time like
this
a fierce resistance fighter a nemesis in
the form of a chief minister who's an
apologist for the enemy treachery you
can see why this story has all the
makings of a great legend after dealing
with the invading gene on a number of
occasions and proving himself in battle
UFA is given the command of the central
jung-soo region and part of his job
included keeping the Jurchens on the
north side of the Yangtze and to protect
the south bank he's only 30 years old
when given this command and 1134 your fa
led one of his patented daring raids on
the gin puppet state of Qi and there was
after the fall of the northern song a
sort of buffer area or demilitarized
zone that was between the Y and the
Yangtze rivers but there were at least
four of these campaigns recorded into
the books over the period of the eleven
30s where UFA led his troops deep into
Jean territory to inflict whatever
damage they could and this too is part
of the legend that only UFA had the guts
to go as far north as he did to fight
the Jurchens this is the legend only
others went to I mentioned Hans shirt
song already in 1134 after another
success fighting the Jin in the north
and teaching them not to push the
southern song around UFA is given
command of the china central field based
on Oh Jo near Wuhan and this remains
your phase base for the rest of his days
in Oh Jo because this happened in his
bail work UFA was called in to deal with
a certain rebellion that had started out
small but got big very fast
this first concerned a rebel named Zhang
Zhang he had started his rebellion and
11:32 and by now it had spiraled out of
control
and he dared to call for all this crazy
egalitarianism stuff mixed with a little
religion no doubt Taoism some of what he
said went like this the law separates
the high in the low the rich man and the
poor man
I shall publish a law or during the high
in the low the rich and the poor to be
equal this kind of talks scared
conservatives and elites back then as
much as it does today
the last thing elites want to hear is
talk like this Chong Chang went as far
as to declare himself the king of Chu
well the song forces went after him and
were able to prevail capturing John's
young and executing him but that snake
grew another head at once and this came
in the form of one young yo he takes
over where Jung Hyung left off and went
on the rampage all over the place and
with his egalitarian politics and
religion he was creating social havoc
all over central
I know and this is when they called in
Ufa and he had to come in and deal with
young y'all
Yaya was one of the first to take
advantage of these new innovations and
shipbuilding this was paddle wheel
technology Yaya was cruising these big
ships up and down the young causing
trouble wherever he went
UFA simply sees these vessels from young
yo in battle and then use them against
him by 1135 yung yau has been defeated
and executed and with this act of
seizing young young ships you have the
informal beginnings of China's first
standing Navy one other worrying thing
at least a cinque who was not happy at
all the sea qfa doing so well you if
they absorbed fifty thousand troops from
yung yau and now his ranks of soldiers
had swollen to over a hundred thousand
this made UFA one of the top four
military guys in the southern song in
his youth family army or good job Jun
another myth tells about how disciplined
and loyal your phase army was they were
excellently trained and never messed
with the people they followed a very
strict and honorable code of conduct in
fact time and again they were used to
not only deal with the Jurchens but with
local bandits as well but UFA had long
acquired the reputation for his
obsession to recover all the lost lands
of North China the legend of UFA was in
his lifetime already beginning to take
off but how to deal with Qin way as UF
a's legend of heroism and patriotism
grew over the decades and centuries so
did she know as legend of infamy and
treachery
Cheng Wei is considered a traitor to
China for his role in facilitating one
of the great acts of perfidy against a
loyal military commander in 1140 after
you have phase forthe campaign up in the
north
he is abruptly ordered to retreat and is
summoned to the imperial court in lean
on but it was just UFA the order went
out to all these military commanders
Cinque and his peace faction had
successfully lobbied the Emperor to call
these guys back and
place them in the field with civilian
commanders in the late summer of that
year UFA shows up in Hangzhou and he's
spitting nickels over this whole matter
in defiance he protests this act of
appeasement with the Jurchens
nonetheless he's told to stand down and
he was reassigned as a different post a
few months later he was called back
again to the Imperial Court and this
time he was relieved of military command
and given some desk job but just as he
said would happen attempts by the GAO
along a branch in quays peace faction to
make nice with the gene all came to
naught soon the heat was turned up in
the southern Seoul capital and they
called UFA back to push these guys back
and deal with the situation at hand
while he was away on this assignment
Cinque was finally able to convince the
Emperor to go with making a lasting
peace with the Jurchens what Xin hoye
had in mind was the Treaty of Shao Ching
yes that great and historic City again
in this treaty the song Emperor was
planning to give everything away and in
return once and for all the gene would
go back north and leave them alone
finally UFA wouldn't go for this and he
continued to call for fighting as the
legend goes the Emperor sent a gold
medal to the frontlines this gold medal
or Jing pie represented the word of the
Emperor and his word was come back to
the palace but UFA ignored this knowing
it was more important to defend the
borders at such a critical time the
Emperor sends another gold medal again
ignored he sends another and another
until 12 gold medals were received by
UFA and the enormity of the Emperor's
order just set in so UFA he couldn't
refuse this was all Chien quays idea to
call him back once and for all he knew
he could persuade the Emperor to go
along with his plan this time when he
came back she no way with the Emperor's
blessing had UFA thrown in prison on
trumped-up charges of insubordination
and malfeasance in prison as the story
goes he was tortured and confessed to
nothing and ultimately
ancient ways orders with the gold song
Emperor's backing UFA was killed by by
poison or some other means before he
died though the other greats military
commander of the day ensured zone paid a
visit to UF phase prison cell and
inquired what UFA had done to have wound
up this way thereupon UFA utters the
immortal words Washu yo a vague
nonsensical meaning that has come to
mean utterly groundless trumped-up
charges but before he died when he
valiantly faced his accusers in court
who were charging him with selling out
the country perhaps one of the most
legendary stories Goes Down and you UFA
removes his upper garment to reveal four
large characters tattooed on his back
and they read Jean Jean ba gua or serve
the country with the utmost loyalty now
how can a man who has this tattooed
across his back be a traitor the story
goes on about how he you know got this
tattoo from his mother when he was young
but you know it's all part of the legend
now with UFA out of the way this Xiao
Jing Chloe the Treaty of Xiao Jing could
happen without any obstruction as for a
UF phase role in the treaty the story
goes that so much did the Jurchens
despise UFA part of the deal was that he
needed to be disposed of and so Xin quit
was only too happy to do this and the
Gong Emperor is guilty for allowing this
to happen before your phase body could
be disposed of his followers stole it
and buried him temporarily in a secret
location until the day that the verdict
would be reversed and UFA rehabilitated
to prevent that Xin hoye whitewashed the
entire affair for the next ten years or
more burning records and making the
whole affair look like your UFA was
guilty the southern song had their piece
but like Chamberlain was to learn 777
years later there was not going to be
any peace for our time there was a new
power in the church in northern lands
this was the sign of file the Jean
Emperor High Ling Wong by 1161 he was
outside the gates of nan
poised to attack but it ends badly for
this Kublai Khan wannabe
he had designs on the southern song and
sure enough he invaded and lost the
demise of this hai Ling Wong was
remembered for two significant battles
these were EDI sure along the Yangtze
and later at Tang thou on the East China
Sea
these were China's and the world's first
naval battles this was in 1161 nineteen
years after the passing of UFA this
invasion by the gin in 1161 really shook
up the GAO's own Emperor he wasn't quite
kicking himself in the ass but he knew
if UFA was around he'd say I told you so
so just like when Chairman Mao had to go
to Chinese funeral in 1972
so the GAO's own Emperor had to make
amends with his military that he had
forsaken while he was being manipulated
by Cinque and the peace faction he
posthumously pardoned UFA along with his
son and one other chief associate who
went down with him at 11:42 the Emperor
also gave pardons to several northern
song political and military figures who
had been persecuted in the eleven 30s
and 40s when the push and pull between
those who wanted peace and those who
wanted war was going on they all got
posthumous pardons and just as God gave
to job
the Emperor restored these men's
fortunes and titles and that act allowed
the southern song military to know the
emperor was on their side and for this
they did their job and kept an eye on
the y-young buffer zone and made sure
nothing spilled over to their side of
the river the Jurchens had already
trampled on the Treaty of shaoxing and
everyone knew they couldn't be trusted
and had to be watched the calzone
Emperor abdicated a year later in 1162
and was succeeded by his stepson who
became the shouts own emperor gaozong
however hit some staying power he didn't
pass away till 1187 the shouts own
Emperor too continued on with the
deconstruction of all of Ch inque's
policies and vilifying him through
various edicts he also went all the way
in rehabilitating ufa and even made him
posthumously the king of Oh remember
this was his sort of thief just outside
of Wuhan Oh a joke
today there are all kinds of statues
temples and whatnot
honoring you FA and his close
association to that area around wool hut
or the old kingdom of oh by now the
legend of UFA really started to gather
momentum with all the Emperor had just
done to honor you FA and the 126 battles
he fought in the myths of the loyal and
upright soldier wronged by his King
began to grow like moss the stories not
only of your phase achievements as a
military leader and strategist but also
of his skills as a poet and an author of
Chinese that's see I in pinyin second
tone this was a kind of lyric poetry
specific to Chinese this is purely a
Chinese thing and it's beautiful to hear
even though I can't understand a word of
it it's all classical Chinese which is a
whole different galaxy from vernacular
Mandarin Oh young show who we featured
in CHP episode 71 was considered a great
writer of this kind of Chinese poetry if
you're a phase skills as a kung-fu
master are also extolled as well as the
two styles that are attributed to him
the Eagle Claw and SHINee style it was
with UFAs grandson that the legend of
UFA really began to take off this
grandson named yeah kook he wrote the
ogor gene towards a bian this is the
official biography of UFA and it was
folded into the history of the song the
song sure one of the 24 official
histories of China the church e-buy
somach in being the first of the 24
today the spirit of UFA lives on in
hundreds of Chinese Wu Xie novels movies
TV serial dramas Peking Opera video
games advertisements you name it during
the late 1930s and into the 40s when
Japan
running amok in China occupying large
swaths of territory along the coast the
spirit of USA was invoked and was
remembered during those trying times and
most of all his immortal words Wan hua
ocean returned my rivers and mountains
this is what you FA demanded and fought
for and what made him a legend as I
mentioned at the outset he has this nice
temple and tomb located in Hangzhou
before we close out for the day I wanted
to mention the tomb in 1163 the shell
tone Emperor in giving us a posthumous
recognition allowed this tomb & temple
to be built on the north west bank of
West Lake in Hangzhou at sheesha hill
there are two sets of two statues made
from iron that are placed in front of
the tomb two of the people are Qin way
and his wife who I didn't mention but
was a conniving no-good troublemaker who
like UFA as much as her husband did
those two were primarily responsible for
bringing down UFA they are shown
kneeling in front of the statue of UFA
there are another two statues these are
for two accomplices Zhang Jun and more
Chi Xie who also helped with the murder
of UFA so these four statues kneel in
perpetuity and reverence to the man they
all helped to bring down and in so doing
turned him into a bigger and greater
legend than ever I don't know about now
but it used to be common for passers-by
and visitors to the temple who you know
came to pay the respects to you if they
to spit on these statues and to revile
them the other thing I wanted to mention
another legend has it that one of the
street vendors selling buns and the
streets of Hangzhou during the time of
southern song or whenever created this
deep-fried pastry called the Oh jock way
this came from yo Joshi no quake
deep-fry Cinque it was two long pieces
of dough one piece representing Cinque
and the other piece of dough
representing his evil wife and they're
twisted together and then thrown in a
vat of hot oil and that my friends is
where the yokel came from so
think of Cinque and his wife next time
you have your dough Jung and yo ciao
since history is always written by the
victors the whole power struggle of UFA
and shin way is still up in the air to a
certain extent so much legend and myth
surrounds UFAs greatness and Chien quays
evilness
it probably obscures what the truth is
he lasted a long time at the highest
levels of power Cinque did and despite
the persecution of UFA when he passed
from the scene in 1155 the southern song
was on rather firm footing with a very
efficient government in place so let's
close out UFA with the immortal words
from his most famous in English
translation of course my wrath bristles
through my helmet the rain stops as I
stand by the rain I look up towards the
sky and let loose a passionate roar let
us ride our chariots through the hole on
pass there we shall feast on barbarian
flesh and drink the blood of the Xiong
nu
let us begin anew to recover our old
Empire before paying tribute to the
Emperor you know the big bad Jean and
the southern song they fought each other
and the Chinese had to go to great
lengths to defend themselves against
these Jin armies but by 1234 the Jean
were already spoken of in the past tense
as big and bad and vicious as the
Jurchens were when the Mongols came
roaring through they just flattened the
Jean and then for a while until 1279 the
southern song hung in there but they too
went down for the count and once all of
China fell under the Mongol yoke people
recalled their hero
UFA and wished they had him now to deal
with yet another foreign occupier of the
China Heartland and that's gonna be the
short and long of it the UFA ladies and
gentlemen and from a raging hot
claremont california here on the very
edge of LA County this is Laszlo
Montgomery once again signing off and
wishing you all the very best I hope
you'll join us next week when we look at
someone from the Jean dynasty this one
the Jin
town of the fourth century AD the
Jurchen Jin dynasty is Jean first town
so we're gonna look at someone from the
Jin next time so thanks everyone for
downloading and listening I hope you'll
join us next week for another exciting
episode of the China history podcast